{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15220\viewh11780\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Night Shift Enable Script for Unsupported Macs\

\b0\fs24 \
Script made by Isiah Johnson (TMRJIJ) / {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://osxhackers.net"}}{\fldrslt OS X Hackers}} & Dosdude1\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This script will replace the CoreBrightness.framework with one already patched with the matching hex value in CoreBrightness.framework for most older/unsupported hardware.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
All credits for this work goes to Piker Alpha. Thanks!\
As requested, this script is intended as non-commerical, with no Donation requests, Open Source, and must give thanks to Pike!\
Blog URL: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pikeralpha.wordpress.com/2017/01/30/4398/"}}{\fldrslt https://pikeralpha.wordpress.com/2017/01/30/4398/}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 History
\b0 \
\
macOS Sierra 10.12.4 brings iOS's Night Shift mode to the Mac for the first time. Night Shift, first introduced on iOS devices in iOS 9.3, is designed to gradually shift the display of a device from blue to a subtle yellow, cutting down on exposure to blue light. Blue light is believed to interrupt the circadian rhythm, disrupting sleep patterns. \
\
Night Shift is activated through the Displays section of System Preferences, where a setting to have it come on at sunset and turn off at sunrise is available. It can also be set to turn on and off at custom times. Night Shift can also be toggled on manually using the Notification Center or Siri. \
\
Night Shift was introduced in macOS Sierra 10.12.4 (Build 16E144f and Public Beta 1) and is controlled by the CoreBrightness.framework. The official minimum requirements for this feature are: \
\
- MacBookPro9,x\
- iMac13,x\
- Macmini6,x\
- MacBookAir5,x\
- MacPro6,x\
- MacBook8,x\
\
Of course, this patch is intended to bypass this check completely.\
\

\b OS Version Requirements
\b0 \
\
- macOS 10.12.4 (16E195) Supported\
- macOS 10.12.5 (16F73) Supported\
\
\
\

\b Known Bugs
\b0 \
\
- Certain Third-party monitors are NOT Compatible with this Patch.\
\
\

\b Support
\b0 \
\
As such, if something goes wrong (like the Display tab in System Preference crashing) or if this framework copy doesn't work. Please feel free to email me at support@osxhackers.net, let me know in the Issues Tab, or attempt it manually via {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pikeralpha.wordpress.com/2017/01/30/4398/"}}{\fldrslt Pike's original blog post}}.\
\
Have Fun!\
}